Created blueprint for SRSRAN with onramp (#67)
opennetworkinglab/aether-onramp: vars/README.md

  emulated or physical UE. Details documented
  [here](https://docs.aetherproject.org/master/onramp/blueprints.html#oai-5g-ran). 

> * `main-srsran.yml`: Configures the Core with an SRSRAN-based 5G RAN,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `main-srsran.yml`: Configures the SD-Core with a srsRAN-based 5G RAN,
```

  supporting another gNB option. Details documented

>   TODO:.

Reviewer: Are you planning to open a PR in the aether-docs?

Author: yes, i need to update the blueprint for srsRAN.
